in 1968
a young boy goes to live with his
grandmother in demopolis
alabama after a car accident kills his
parents in chicago
gradually the boy is cheered up by his
grandmother
who buys him a pet mouse whom he names
daisy
one day the boy goes to a store to buy a
box of nails to train daisy and to build
a house for her as well
the boy is approached by a witch trying
to lure him with a snake and a caramel
but his grandmother calls him and the
witch disappears
after telling his grandmother about the
encounter
the boy learns that the witches are in
fact real
she says the witch cursed her childhood
friend alice blew into spending the rest
of her life as a chicken
the grandmother says that witches never
leave once they find a child
frantically they decide to stay in a
nearby hotel where her cousin aston is
the executive chef
while there the grandmother teaches the
boy how to tell a witch from an
ordinary woman real witches have claws
instead of fingernails
which they hide by wearing gloves or
evolved
which they hide by wearing wigs that
give them rashes
have square feet with no toes which they
hide by wearing
sensible shoes have a purple tinge in
their pupils
and have a powerful sense of smell which
they use to sniff out children
the next day the boy takes daisy in a
rope to do some training at a grand hall
during his walk there he meets a
gluttonous but friendly boy named bruno
jenkins who
is pulled away by his mother the boy
then goes
into the grand hall thinking he will be
alone
as he is getting ready to train daisy a
group of witches led by their
all-powerful
leader the grand high witch enters the
grand hall
the boy hides under the stage and so
overhears the grand high witch planning
to give the world's children a potion
mixed into confectionary products that
will transform them all into mice
the grand high which waits for bruno to
arrive
to whom she earlier gave a chocolate bar
laced with the potion
after bruno arrives he turns into a
mouse and enters the vent where the boy
and daisy are hiding
the grand high which discovers the boy
and forcibly transforms him
into a mouse with the potion before they
escape
[Music]
fleeing to the hotel room where the boy
and his grandmother are staying
they tell the grandmother of the witch's
plan and discover that the grand high
witch is staying
in the hotel room below them and that
daisy was once an
orphaned young human girl named mary
turned into a mouse by a witch
he bruno and mary devise a plan to get a
bottle of the potion so that the
grandmother can devise a cure to turn
them back
into children the plan to get the potion
is successful
but since she is unable to create a cure
they instead decide to put the potion
into a broth of
pea soup which will be given to the
witches during their dinner
all the witches drink the soup except
the grand high witch
who realizes that she met the
grandmother before
she was the witch who turned alice into
a chicken
while the mice steal the grand high
witch's room key
the witches all begin turning into rats
and
chaos ensues after she and the mice flee
to the grand high witch's room
the grandmother starts to collect all
the potions to destroy them
the grand high witch finds the
grandmother and prepares to kill her
but the mice intervene and trick the
grand high which into swallowing her own
potion transforming her into a rat
they trap her in an ice bucket and
prevent her from escaping
before they leave the room the
grandmother takes the grand high witch's
trunk full of
money and also releases her cat hades
from its cage
as they close the door hades attacks and
kills the grand high witch
since his parents do not accept him
anymore bruno joins mary
the boy and the grandmother to go home
with the grand high witch's trunk and
become a family
years later the grown boy still a mouse
and his grandmother advise young
children against the witches
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe